Document ARO and ROSA deployment for Subm in 2.7 (#4280)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/submariner/submariner_prepare_hosts.adoc

. Run the following command to verify that the CLI extension is being used:
+
----
az extension list
----
+
If the extension is being used, the output might resemble the following example:
+
----
"experimental": false,
"extensionType": "whl",
"name": "aro",
"path": "<path-to-extension>",
"preview": true,
"version": "1.0.x"
----

. From the Azure CLI, register the preview feature by running the following command:
+
----
az feature registration create --namespace Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift --name AdminKubeconfig
----

. Retrieve the administrator `kubeconfig` by running the following command:
+
----
az aro get-admin-kubeconfig -g <resource group> -n <cluster resource name>
----
+
*Note:* The `az aro` command saves the `kubeconfig` to the local directory and uses the name `kubeconfig`. To use it, set the environment variable `KUBECONFIG` to match the path of the file. See the following example:
+
----
export KUBECONFIG=<path-to-kubeconfig>
oc get nodes
----

. Label one of the nodes as a Gateway node by running the following command:
+
----
oc label nodes <node_name> submariner.io/gateway=true
----
+
Replace `node_name` with the name of the node.

> . Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

Reviewer: {product-title-short} ?

Author: [RHACM console](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.7_stage/modules/common-attributes.adoc), there's actually some discussion around that right now: https://github.com/stolostron/backlog/issues/26706

But looks like it leaving it as is should be OK.

Reviewer: Ack, 10x.
Maybe we should be consistent with the syntax for both ROSA and ARO (need to update also step 4 in ROSA )?

Author: That's a good catch, didn't see it. I'll add it there too, thanks!

. Create a new node to run Submariner gateway by running the following command:
+
----
rosa create machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> --name=sm-gw-mp --replicas=<number of Submariner gateway > --labels='submariner.io/gateway=true'
----

. Log in to ROSA by running the following commands:
+
----
rosa login
oc login <rosa-cluster-url>:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>
----

. Create a `kubeconfig` for your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
----
oc config view --flatten=true > rosa_kube/kubeconfig
----

. Import your ROSA cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your ROSA cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the name of the cluster set that you want to add. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

> . Click the *Install Submariner add-ons* button and set your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster as your *Target clusters*. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the installation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the *Install Submariner add-ons* button and set your ROSA cluster as your *Target clusters*. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the installation.
```

Author: Good catch, fixed. Thanks!

+
This configuration uses the default network address translation - traversal (NATT) port (4500/UDP) for your Submariner and one worker node is labeled as the Submariner gateway on your bare metal cluster.
+
Submariner uses IP security (IPsec) to establish the secure tunnels between the clusters on the gateway nodes. You can either use the default IPsec NATT port, or you can specify a different port that you configured. When you run this procedure without specifying an IPsec NATT port of 4500/UDP is automatically used for the communication.

See xref:../submariner/submariner_customizations.adoc#submariner-customizations[Customizing Submariner deployments] for information about the customization options. 

[#preparing-aro]
== Preparing Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift for Submariner (Technology Preview)

The Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift service combines various tools and resources to help simplify the process of building container-based applications. To prepare Azure Red Hat OpenShift clusters for deploying Submariner, complete the following steps:

> . Download the link:https://aka.ms/az-aroext-latest.whl[Python wheel and CLI extension].

Reviewer 2: @yboaron do we have to download any specific version of the extension or can it work with the latest (to the best of your knowledge)?

Reason I'm asking this is because we had seen instances earlier (i think for Azure infra configuration) where the commands captured in the document were not working with the latest revision.

Reviewer: As this issue isn't Submariner specific [I thought that we should point to the relevant ARO documentation](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/4280#discussion_r1012913194) to avoid incompatibility.

As per ARO documentation, this feature is still TP and it is documented [here](https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6971883) , and yeah as you mentioned ARO documentation pointing to latest version ('Install latest AZ CLI ARO extension') and not to specific/minimum version

Reviewer 2: Okay, thanks for the details.

Reviewer: If we don't want to point to ARO documentation from ACM documentation, I think we can resolve this comment.

. From the Azure CLI, run the following command to install the extension:
+
----
az extension add --upgrade -s <path-to-extension>
----
+
Replace `path-to-extension` with the path to where you downloaded the `.whl` extension file.

> . Run the following command to verfiy that the CLI extension is being used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to verify that the CLI extension is being used:
```

> . Run the following command to verfiy that the CLI extension is being used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Run the following command to verify that the CLI extension is being used:
```

+
----
az extension list
----
+
If the extension is being used, the output might resemble the following example:
+
----
"experimental": false,
"extensionType": "whl",
"name": "aro",
"path": "<path-to-extension>",
"preview": true,
"version": "1.0.x"
----

. From the Azure CLI, register the preview feature by running the following command:
+
----
az feature registration create --namespace Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift --name AdminKubeconfig
----

. Retrieve the administrator `kubeconfig` by running the following command:
+
----
az aro get-admin-kubeconfig -g <resource group> -n <cluster resource name>

> ----

Reviewer: Maybe it worth to add also the 'Source and use the Kubeconfig' section from here : https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6971883

> . Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import an existing cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.
```

Just thought of sharing one observation. Otherwise, even in the current form its readable. 
I'm looking at the latest console and see that its "Import cluster" and not "Import an existing cluster"
![Screenshot from 2022-11-03 22-02-56](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6574656/199779719-8364656b-ffc1-4435-a97d-a32e8af18ed1.png)

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

> . Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the *Cluster list* tab. Then, select the checkbox for your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster that you imported and click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the *ClusterSet* name, which takes you to a new page where you can select the *cluster list*. Then, select the checkbox for your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster that you imported and click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 
```

Author: I just went through the console and realized it's actually even simpler. I rewrote the steps, let me know if they look good now. Thanks!

. Select *Install Submariner add-ons* and set your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster as your *Target clusters*.

. Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `null` in the following fields:
+
* *Base domain resource group name*
* *Subscription ID*
* *Client ID*
* *Client secret*
* *Tenant ID*
+
Follow the instructions in the console to complete the install.

> . Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR on your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster:

Reviewer: The 'oc edit submarinerconfig -n <cluster-name> submariner' should run on the hub cluster (kubeconfig pointing to hub cluster) , we should edit the `submarinerconfig` CR representing  Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster .

Author: Thanks, fixed it!

> . Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster by editing the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster:
```

+
----
oc edit submarinerconfig -n <cluster-name> submariner
----
+
Replace `cluster-name` with the name of your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster.

. Set the `loadBalancerEnable` parameter to `true` and save the file before exiting.

> . To verify that Submariner is using the LoadBalancer service, run the following command on your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster:

Reviewer 2: @yboaron we should manually label one (or more) of the nodes as Gateway node right?

Reviewer: Hmm, yeah, it makes sense, but I don't remember that I labeled a node when I tested it (maybe label was set when I tested it with subctl ).

Q: When Submariner is deployed using subctl we can label a node also at 'subctl join' phase, is there something equivalent also in ACM deployment path?

Reviewer: I just rechecked this issue and it seems that explicit node labeling to serve as Submariner gateway is needed as @sridhargaddam mentioned. so, user should also label one of the worker nodes by running the: 
$  oc  label nodes <node_name>  submariner.io/gateway=true

Reviewer: This comment was resolved.

+
----
oc get svc -n submariner-operator --kubeconfig <aro kubeconfig> submariner-gateway
----
+
If Submariner is using the LoadBalancer service, the output might resemble the following example:
+
----
NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP     PORT(S)                         AGE

> submariner-gateway   LoadBalancer   172.28.171.61   20.102.24.193   4500:32323/UDP,4490:30963/UDP   2m31s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
submariner-gateway   LoadBalancer   172.28.171.61   xx.xx.xx.xx   4500:32323/UDP,4490:30963/UDP   2m31s
```

Generally its a good idea to avoid using/showing public-ips in the document.

----

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* > *Submariner add-ons* to verify that your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster *Connection status* is `Healthy`.

[#preparing-rosa]
== Preparing Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS for Submariner (Technology Preview)

Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA) provides a stable and flexible platform for application development and modernization. To prepare ROSA clusters for deploying Submariner, complete the following steps:

. Create a new node to run Submariner gateway by running the following command:
+
----

> rosa create machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> --name=sm-gw-mp --replicas=<number of Submariner gateway > --labels='submariner.io/gateway=true'

Reviewer 2: @yboaron I think load-balancer mode with multiple Gateway nodes should ideally work, but just for confirming, did we test it with multiple Gateway nodes on ROSA/ARO?

Reviewer: @sridhargaddam Yep, tested it on ROSA

----

. Log in to ROSA by running the following commands:
+
----
rosa login

> oc login https://api.ybb-rosa.ix7w.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
oc login <rosa-cluster-url>:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>
```

@yboaron it should actually be replaced with the rosa-cluster-url right?

----

. Create a `kubeconfig` for your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
----
oc config view --flatten=true > rosa_kube/kubeconfig
----

> . Import your ROSA cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import an existing cluster* from the console.

Reviewer 2: as above

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your ROSA cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

> . Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the *Cluster list* tab. Then, select the checkbox for your ROSA cluster that you imported and click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

Reviewer 2: as above

. Select *Install Submariner add-ons* and set your ROSA cluster as your *Target clusters*.

. Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `null` in the following fields:
+
* _Access key ID_
* _Secret access key_
+

> Follow the instructions in the console to complete the install.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions in the console to complete the installation.
```

> . Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your ROSA cluster:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster by editing the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your ROSA cluster:
```

"path": "<path-to-extension>",
"preview": true,
"version": "1.0.x"
----

. From the Azure CLI, register the preview feature by running the following command:
+
----
az feature registration create --namespace Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift --name AdminKubeconfig
----

. Retrieve the administrator `kubeconfig` by running the following command:
+
----
az aro get-admin-kubeconfig -g <resource group> -n <cluster resource name>
----
+
*Note:* The `az aro` command saves the `kubeconfig` to the local directory and uses the name `kubeconfig`. To use it, set the environment variable `KUBECONFIG` to match the path of the file. See the following example:
+
----
export KUBECONFIG=<path-to-kubeconfig>
oc get nodes
----

. Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

> . Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click on the clusterSet. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 
```

Author: Is clusterSet a button? Is it a general option or does it relate to the ARO cluster?

Reviewer 2: When we navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets*, it will list the current <clusterSets> on the Hub. So, the user is expected to click on the relevant "clusterSet" he is working on which will then display the *Submariner add-ons* tab associated with the "clusterSet"

Basically when I mean "clusterSet", I'm referring to ACM "ClusterSet" and its a hyperlink.

Author: Hmm I don't seem to see any clusterSet here, just the default cluster. So I assume when the user has created an ARO cluster, it will appear there like the default cluster and you need to click it to get to the next step. At least that's how to get there with the default cluster. Is the ARO cluster different?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108426932/201347541-f4232f91-d810-4937-bd1f-3b2abf7d36ce.png)

Reviewer 2: In the above diagram "global" and "default" are clusterSets (probably they are created by default). Ideally, we should create a new ClusterSet (lets say myclusterset) and after doing that, click on the myclusterset which will take you to *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

Normally, the procedure is as follows.
1. Create a ClusterSet
2. Create/Import Clusters and add them into the ClusterSet as ManagedClusters.
3. Install submariner-addon on the ManagedClusters.

Author: I see, so would this newly created ClusterSet just have a generic name or one that is related to the ARO cluster? Did the use choose the name at any point?

Is it more accurate to say "your clusterSet" vs. "the clusterSet"? Meaning the user created it at some point, so it would be theirs?

Reviewer 2: >I see, so would this newly created ClusterSet just have a generic name or one that is related to the ARO cluster? Did the use choose the name at any point?

As you can see in the screenshot you shared above, there is an option "Create cluster set". When you click it, we can create a clusterSet with any name we want. ManagedClusters (like ROSA/ARO/AWS/GCP clusters) can then be added as members in the ManagedClusterSet. For more details, please refer to this doc - https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.6/html/multicluster_engine/multicluster_engine_overview#managedclustersets-intro

> Is it more accurate to say "your clusterSet" vs. "the clusterSet"? Meaning the user created it at some point, so it would be theirs?

Yes, its the user created clusterSet.

Author: Thanks for the detailed explanation. I'll go with "select the name of the cluster set that you want to add" since that matches what we've done in other parts of the doc.

. Create a new node to run Submariner gateway by running the following command:
+
----
rosa create machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> --name=sm-gw-mp --replicas=<number of Submariner gateway > --labels='submariner.io/gateway=true'
----

. Log in to ROSA by running the following commands:
+
----
rosa login
oc login https://api.ybb-rosa.ix7w.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>
----

. Create a `kubeconfig` for your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
----
oc config view --flatten=true > rosa_kube/kubeconfig
----

. Import your ROSA cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your ROSA cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

> . Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click your ROSA cluster. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click on the clusterSet name. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 
```

+
----
export KUBECONFIG=<path-to-kubeconfig>
oc get nodes
----

. Label one of the nodes as a Gateway node by running the following command:
+
----
oc label nodes <node_name> submariner.io/gateway=true
----
+
Replace `node_name` with the name of the node.

. Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

. Click the *Install Submariner add-ons* button and set your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster as your *Target clusters*.

> . Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `null` in the following fields:

Reviewer: After merging [this PR](https://github.com/stolostron/console/pull/2245) it will not be needed to fill in these fields

Reviewer: We can delete step 11, just leave "Follow the instructions in the console to complete the install"

+
* *Base domain resource group name*
* *Subscription ID*
* *Client ID*
* *Client secret*
* *Tenant ID*
+
Follow the instructions in the console to complete the install.

> . Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster:

Reviewer: We automated the loadbalancer mode setting in console, so for ARO and ROSA there is no need to set loadbalancedr mode manually .
This means we can delete steps 12-14

> . Label one of the nodes as a Gateway node by running the following command.

Reviewer: This step should be done before deploying Submariner , should be between step 5 and step 6

Author: Fixed, thanks for catching that!

+
----
rosa create machinepool --cluster=<cluster_name> --name=sm-gw-mp --replicas=<number of Submariner gateway > --labels='submariner.io/gateway=true'
----

. Log in to ROSA by running the following commands:
+
----
rosa login
oc login <rosa-cluster-url>:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>
----

. Create a `kubeconfig` for your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
----
oc config view --flatten=true > rosa_kube/kubeconfig
----

. Import your ROSA cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import cluster* from the console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your ROSA cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and click your ROSA cluster. Then, click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

. Click the *Install Submariner add-ons* button and set your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster as your *Target clusters*.

> . Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `null` in the following fields:

Reviewer: After merging [this PR](https://github.com/stolostron/console/pull/2245) it will not be needed to fill in these fields

Reviewer: We should leave "Follow the instructions in the console to complete the installation" in step 8

+
* _Access key ID_
* _Secret access key_
+
Follow the instructions in the console to complete the installation.

> . Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command on the hub cluster to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR representing your ROSA cluster:

Reviewer: We can delete steps 9-11 , check https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/4280/files#r1024257448

spec:{}
----
+
Replace `managed-cluster-namespace` with the namespace of your managed cluster. The name of the `SubmarinerConfig` must be `submariner`, as shown in the example.
+
This configuration uses the default network address translation - traversal (NATT) port (4500/UDP) for your Submariner and one worker node is labeled as the Submariner gateway on your bare metal cluster.
+
Submariner uses IP security (IPsec) to establish the secure tunnels between the clusters on the gateway nodes. You can either use the default IPsec NATT port, or you can specify a different port that you configured. When you run this procedure without specifying an IPsec NATT port of 4500/UDP is automatically used for the communication.

See xref:../submariner/submariner_customizations.adoc#submariner-customizations[Customizing Submariner deployments] for information about the customization options. 

> [#preparing-aro-tp]

Reviewer 3: Just a consideration here: By adding the "tp" to the target here, we might have to change it if it gets to GA version. Leaving is not a big deal, but it wouldn't make any sense anymore.

Author: Good point, I'll remove it.

== Preparing Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift for Submariner (Technology Preview)

> The Microsoft Azure Red Hat OpenShift service combines various tools and resources to help simplify the process of building conatiner-based applications. To prepare Azure Red Hat OpenShift clusters for deploying Submariner, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: Generating Kubeconfig for ARO cluster is a common issue that isn't relevant only to Submariner. maybe we should just point to the relevant section of ARO official documentation?

Author: We try to minimize linking as it interrupts the user whenever they have to click a link. Topics should also be self-contained and have all the information necessary to complete a task, so I'd prefer not to link to an external source in this case if that's OK.

Reviewer: OK, anyhow this is the relevant link [1] ,  it isn't still in [learn.microsoft.com](http://learn.microsoft.com/) as it is still TP feature.

[1] 
 https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6971883

----

. From the Azure CLI, register the preview feature by running the following command:
+
----
az feature registration create --namespace Microsoft.RedHatOpenShift --name AdminKubeconfig
----

. Retrieve the administrator `kubeconfig` by running the following command:
+
----
az aro get-admin-kubeconfig -g <resource group> -n <cluster resource name>
----

. Import your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import an existing cluster* from the {product-title-short} console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the *Cluster list* tab. Then, select the checkbox for your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster that you imported and click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

. Select *Install Submariner add-ons* and set your Azure Red Hat OpenShift cluster as your *Target clusters*.

> . Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `dummy` in the following fields:

Reviewer 3: I see what we are doing with `dummy` here, but could we use a different term? Can we use something like `placeholder` or `null` or something that might be easier for translation and with a little kinder feeling? :-) If there is a reason for it, I can live with it.

Author: `dummy` might be a specific parameter, is there an alternative we can use @nyechiel @yboaron?

Reviewer: No particular reason for choosing 'dummy' , in current Console code we must fill some string values in these fields (otherwise validation will fail) , IMHO 'null' is fine.

As Nir mentioned, when Console integration to better support ARO and ROSA is addressed, the user won't need to fill in these fields.

Author: Thanks for clarifying that, I'll change it to `null` for now!

Reviewer 4: @yboaron I would like to provide some resources for the replacement of dummy in code and doc (in this case, it would need to change in both @oafischer )

https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation (see the section about abliitlities)
https://blubracket.com/how-and-why-to-rid-software-of-insensitive-language/ 

Over quite a few years, content specialists have been working to replace what seems as harmless words with more unbiased words. This is one of those examples. Of course, no one means harm by these common terms, we know that. We are just slowly trying to eliminate where and what we can.

+
* *Base domain resource group name*
* *Subscription ID*
* *Client ID*
* *Client secret*

> * *Tenant ID*

Reviewer 5: This one specifically is something we want to better address with Console integration, so that users won't have to enter "dummy" parameters.

----

. Log in to ROSA by running the following commands:
+
----
rosa login
oc login https://api.ybb-rosa.ix7w.p1.openshiftapps.com:6443 --username cluster-admin --password <password>
----

. Create a `kubeconfig` for your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
----
oc config view --flatten=true > rosa_kube/kubeconfig
----

. Import your ROSA cluster to your cluster list by selecting *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Import an existing cluster* from the console.

. Select the `Kubeconfig` *Import mode* and enter the content from your `kubeconfig` file in the *Kubeconfig* window. Follow the instructions in the console to complete the import.
+
You can verify that your ROSA cluster was imported successfully by navigating to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters*.

. Navigate to *Infrastructure* > *Clusters* > *Cluster sets* and select the *Cluster list* tab. Then, select the checkbox for your ROSA cluster that you imported and click the *Submariner add-ons* tab. 

. Select *Install Submariner add-ons* and set your ROSA cluster as your *Target clusters*.

> . Click *Next* to continue to the *Configure clusters* page and enter `dummy` in the following fields:

Reviewer 3: Same as above: I see what we are doing with `dummy` here, but could we use a different term? Can we use something like `placeholder` or `null` or something that might be easier for translation and with a little kinder feeling? :-) If there is a reason for it, I can live with it.

+
* _Access key ID_

> * _Secret access key_

Reviewer 5: This one specifically is something we want to better address with Console integration, so that users won't have to enter "dummy" parameters.

+
Follow the instructions in the console to complete the install.

. Configure Submariner to use the LoadBalancer service by running the following command to edit the `submarinerconfig` CR on your ROSA cluster:
+
----
oc edit submarinerconfig -n <cluster-name> submariner
----
+
Replace <cluster-name> with the name of your ROSA cluster.

. Set the `loadBalancerEnable` parameter to `true` and save the file before exiting.

. To verify that Submariner is using the LoadBalancer service, run the following command on your ROSA cluster:
+
----
oc get svc -n submariner-operator submariner-gateway --kubeconfig <rosa kubeconfig>
----
+
If Submariner is using the LoadBalancer service, the output might resemble the following output:
+
----
NAME                 TYPE           CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                         AGE
submariner-gateway   LoadBalancer   172.30.159.246   <pending>     4500:32466/UDP,4490:32219/UDP   1s
----

> 

Reviewer 4: Ensure we are able to use ROSA -- see product guidance.

Author: ROSA is allowed but ARO isn't. I already reached out earlier about possibly having it changed but for now we'll have to spell out ARO.
